 Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He doesn't know much

We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!

China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.

Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!

Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!

#ThankYouTour2016

Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!

Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?

Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016

If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?

The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!

Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!

Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!

Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama!

The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.

Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!

I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.

I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!

Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.

Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......

I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.

The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!

#ThankYouTour2016

The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.

Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?

Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!

Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!

Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!

I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!

Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!

I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!

A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.

Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!

As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!

I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!

.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".

Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me tomorrow! #MAGA

Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.

If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues

Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!

Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!

We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...

I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!

Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!

Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....

Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm!

Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!

#ThankYouTour2016

If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!

their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!

Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..

.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!

expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS

these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...

wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....

without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......

fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......

The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,

Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad

Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.

State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.

Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!

Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.

The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!

Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally.

Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.

My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!

Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!

Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!

Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!

do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..

great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....

I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...

ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.

Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier

I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!

'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'

'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'

My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!

Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!

I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!

The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!

.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.

Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!

If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.

Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!

states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!

It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--

In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally

Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad

this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --

of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --

during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --

and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -

Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --

Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change

The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!

The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems

Fidel Castro is dead!

I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!

Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!

I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!

The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!

'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'

'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'

Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.

The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?

Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!

I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice

Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!

Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!

I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!

General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!

I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?

Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior

The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!

Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!

The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!

I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.

Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!

Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico

My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA

Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.

I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,

The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.

I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.

Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!

The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!

If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily

The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!

I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!

Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!

Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!

Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!

The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?

Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"

This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!

Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!

Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!

Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!

A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!

Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before

Watching the returns at 9:45pm.

Still time to #VoteTrump!

Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!

Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"

I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!

TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.

Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.

We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).

Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!

If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!

especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states

Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!

